Welcome to ClapTraps!

Help our hero, Dave Dunce, save the froggies from the deadly traps and bring them to his Frogs Running On Green Grass farm.

All levels can be completed without losing any lives. If you do run out of lives, you can start on the same level you died on. You can also restart a level at any time by quitting.


Game Items
----------

Dave: Our hero, saviour of frogs.

Dave's Chopper: When our hero has collected all the frogs, head to the chopper! Can be pushed around.

Bush: Gets in the way. Push the action button to chop it down, but beware of what you might unleash!

Wall, Rock: Gets in the way. Indestructible.

Grass: Gets in the way. Walk on top of it to trample it down.

Smiley: Push it out of the way, but beware, once it's going it's hard to stop it! Will kill frogs if it's moving (red or green). Can push buttons.

Apple: Falls down and rolls off other apples. Don't let it land on your head or green frogs! Tasty to a red frog.

Frog box: Contents - 1 frog. Can be dropped and broken on certain objects, otherwise you'll have to break it with a Smiley.

Green frog: A bit dumb, but Dave loves them. Collect all the frogs. Generally calm, but can be startled easily. They will follow the left hand wall if they can. Can push buttons if they're moving.

Red frog: Do not disturb! These frogs are poisonous and will charge at Daves! Will stop and eat any apples they come across. Can push buttons if they're moving.

Transporter: A persistent portal to another location. Dave isn't the only thing that can use them.

Turret: Fires a continuous laser beam.

Laser: Deadly! Will disintegrate most objects.

Gate: Can be opened and closed by buttons. Will block laser beams.

Lock, Key: Push a key into a lock to open it up. Locks will block laser beams.

Button: Certain things will activate this button if they get close. Open/close gates. Some experimentation required. 


Controls
--------

Up,down,left,right to move. Return is the action button. Press R on the title screen to redefine keys.

Escape is usually quit.

Tab to see the status screen.

Press M on the title screen to turn on/off the music.

In the editor, place tiles with the left mouse button, remove tiles with the right mouse button. Press space to place Dave. 

q/w changes screens, z/x changes the tile to place, s sets the score. Press N for a new level, T to test. 


Misc.
-----

Graphics by testpilotmonkey and Dave Jeffery.

Code available under GNU GPL. Have fun!